0.13
----

This release adds support for the AMD P-State driver that's been added to the
6.3 Linux kernel. This release also fixes mismatched profiles on some HP
laptops and some miscellaneous bug fixes.

0.12
----

This release adds support for the Intel "Energy Performance Bias" feature, which
can be used on hardware that doesn't have a platform_profile or doesn't support
HWP. It will also be used to eke out a bit more performance, or power, on systems
which already supported HWP.

More information is available in the README.

0.11.1
------

This release stops power-profiles-daemon from modifying the cpufreq driver when
driver when the user/administrator has chosen to disable the Intel P-State scaling
governor (eg. forcing a passive operation mode).

More information is available in the README.

0.11
----

This release fixes problems on Intel machines when the CPUs didn't support turbo at
all, or the performance scaling governor was built as default in the kernel.

It also adds better end-user documentation, fixes in the command-line tool to not
cause bug report tools to popup on not-uncommon errors, and a bug fix for running
on some systems with controllable charge speeds.

0.10.1
------

This release fixes a bug in the authorisation codepath added in 0.10.0, where holding
a profile could still succeed despite having sent a denial to the calling process.

This release also makes the pylint test optional. It should not be used unless the goal
is to contribute patches to assuage it.

0.10.0
------

This release adds authorisation checks for the profile holds and profile switching
features of the backend daemon, through polkit. It is recommended that all
distributions upgrade to this version as soon as possible.

This release also adds support for the "quiet" kernel platform profile used
in some systems.

0.9.0
-----

This release adds support for "holding" a power profile while running a task
or application, making it possible to switch to a performance profile during
a compilation, or to a power-saver profile when low on battery, reverting to
the original profile when done.

This release also removes the "inhibited" property for the performance profile,
which made it impossible to switch to that profile, and replaces it with the
"degraded" property which lists why performance is degraded.

Finally, the last used profile is now remembered across reboots.

0.8.1
-----

This release works-around a cosmetic issue in gnome-shell animations when
on battery and using the intel-pstate driver.

0.8
---

This release adds support for the new generic `platform_profile` kernel
API to replace the Lenovo specific `dytc_perfmode`, meaning it should also
support profile selection on a number of HP and Microsoft Surface devices.

This release also add the `powerprofilesctl` command-line application.

0.1
---

This is the first version of power-profiles-daemon.
